date: October 5, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<shokoors>, <jaeheunk>, <adithyan>, <alikafag>,<mes59>]
absent: [<saisaokh]
excused_absences: [ N/A ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <shokoors>, progress: Coded the layout connectivity  },
  {ubit: <jaeheunk>, progress: Worked on the serever and the database},
  {ubit: <adithyan>, progress: 	Coded the relation between the UI, working flow},
  {ubit: <alikafag>, progress: Coded the UI for the app-sign up, settings, pager},
  {ubit: <saisaokh>, progress: Coded the UI for the app,worked on the home screen },
  {ubit: <mes59>, progress: Worked on the server and the database},
  ]
issues: []
Notes:  | 
Have to work on the layout connectivity and the server.
 
