date: September 28, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<shokoors>, <jaeheunk>, <adithyan>, <alikafag>,<saisaokh>,<mes59>]
absent: [NIL]
excused_absences: [ N/A ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <shokoors>, progress: Coded the UI for the app },
  {ubit: <jaeheunk>, progress: Connected to the server},
  {ubit: <adithyan>, progress:Coded the UI for the app},
  {ubit: <alikafag>, progress: Coded the UI for the app},
  {ubit: <saisaokh>, progress: Coded the UI for the app},
  {ubit: <mes59>, progress: Connected to the server and Database},
  ]
issues: [ None for now ]
Notes:  | 
Committing/push to Github after every successful change
Talked about the progress of the project
Talked about the future requirements and changes that each sub-group will be doing.
 
