date: November 20, 2016

meeting_type: TA
attendance: [<shokoors>, <saisaokh>, <alikafag>,<jaeheunk>,<adithyan>,]

absent: [<mes59>]

excused_absences: [Have HW project due for other class]

task_progress: 
[ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
 
 {ubit: <shokoors>, progress: Made the video},
 
 {ubit: <jaeheunk>, progress: Improvised the video},
 
 {ubit: <adithyan>, progress:  Improvised the UI },
  
{ubit: <alikafag>, progress: Improvised the UI, made the git hub more proper and fixed the recieve message in client side},
  
{ubit: <saisaokh>, progress: Script for video},
  
{ubit: <mes59>, progress: Improvised the server.}
 ]

issues: []

Notes:  | 

