date: December 7, 2016

meeting_type: TA
attendance: [<shokoors>,<jaeheunk>,<saisaokh> ,<mes59>, <alikafag>,]

absent: [<adithyan> ]

excused_absences: []

task_progress: 
[ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
 
 {ubit: <shokoors>, progress: N/A},
 
 {ubit: <jaeheunk>, progress:	implemented SSL.},
 
 {ubit: <adithyan>, progress: N/A},
  
{ubit: <alikafag>, progress: Wrote the description for app deployment},
  
{ubit: <saisaokh>, progress: N/A},
  
{ubit: <mes59>, progress: N/A},
  ]

issues: [ None for now ]

Notes:  | 
Deployment.
Planning to use amazon or website.
Final Video.
