date: November 30, 2016

meeting_type: group
attendance: [<shokoors>, <alikafag>,<mes59>,<jaeheunk>,<adithyan>, <saisaokh>]

absent: [ ]

excused_absences: []

task_progress: 
[ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
 
 {ubit: <shokoors>, progress: Helped create script for  the Presetation},
 
 {ubit: <jaeheunk>, progress: Helped create script for  the Presetation, implemented in the ssl functionality },
 
 {ubit: <adithyan>, progress: Helped create script for  the Presetation},
  
{ubit: <alikafag>, progress: Helped create script for  the Presetation, solved the errors that were causing the app to crash},
  
{ubit: <saisaokh>, progress: Helped create script for  the Presetation},
  
{ubit: <mes59>, progress:  Helped create script for  the Presetation}
 ]

issues: []

Notes:  | 

