date: November 16, 2016

meeting_type: TA
attendance: [<shokoors>,<saisaokh> , <alikafag>,<mes59>,<jaeheunk>,<adithyan>,]

absent: [ ]

excused_absences: []

task_progress: 
[ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
 
 {ubit: <shokoors>, progress: coding the Client side of receiving messages},
 
 {ubit: <jaeheunk>, progress: Wrote the script for mass messaging},
 
 {ubit: <adithyan>, progress: Made themes for the app and also is setting up the flow of the app, Made the forms for beta testing },
  
{ubit: <alikafag>, progress: Coded the unread/read messages and the server side},
  
{ubit: <saisaokh>, progress: Made the images for codebook},
  
{ubit: <mes59>, progress: integrated encryption and login/registration
,
 ]

issues: [ general: setup notifications, verification by emails ]

Notes:  | 

