date: October 26, 2016

meeting_type: ta

attendance: [<shokoors>, , <alikafag>,<saisaokh>,<mes59>,<adithyan>]

absent: [ <jaeheunk>]

excused_absences: [sick  ]

task_progress: 
[ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
 
 {ubit: <shokoors>, progress: Worked on send },
 
 {ubit: <jaeheunk>, progress: Worked on encryption, send and receive message scripts on server side},
 
 {ubit: <adithyan>, progress: Worked on code book and creating files },
  
{ubit: <alikafag>, progress: Worked on encryption of passwords, Login and Registering clients on client side},
  
{ubit: <saisaokh>, progress: },
  
{ubit: <mes59>, progress: Worked on user and login},
  ]

issues: [ None for now ]

Notes:  | 
