date: November 30, 2016

meeting_type: TA
attendance: [<shokoors>,<jaeheunk>,<saisaokh> ,<mes59>, <alikafag>,<adithyan>,]

absent: [ ]

excused_absences: []

task_progress: 
[ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
 
 {ubit: <shokoors>, progress: N/A},
 
 {ubit: <jaeheunk>, progress:	improvised the server, changed the script },
 
 {ubit: <adithyan>, progress: N/A},
  
{ubit: <alikafag>, progress: Changed the UI and added some functionality},
  
{ubit: <saisaokh>, progress: N/A},
  
{ubit: <mes59>, progress: N/A},
  ]

issues: [ None for now ]

Notes:  | 

Sprint 5 :
rubric for presentation
Project completion: Completed but fix issues that you guys think are necessary.
Documentation:
what is this app .targeted audience. how it will benefit 2 paragraphs
How does it work- image and or video link or written instructions
Android App and server side category- what language and scripting languages.. back end, if we were to work on this project what would you do
	