date: October 23, 2016

meeting_type: group
attendance: [<shokoors>,<saisaokh> , <alikafag>,<mes59>,<jaeheunk>,<adithyan>,]

absent: [ ]

excused_absences: []

task_progress: 
[ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
 
 {ubit: <shokoors>, progress: Worked on send },
 
 {ubit: <jaeheunk>, progress: Worked on encryption on server side},
 
 {ubit: <adithyan>, progress: Worked on codebook},
  
{ubit: <alikafag>, progress: Worked on encryption of passwords},
  
{ubit: <saisaokh>, progress: },
  
{ubit: <mes59>, progress: Worked on user and login server side, and database for registering user},
  ]

issues: [ None for now ]

Notes:  | 
