date: September 18, 2016

meeting_type:group
attendance: [<shokoors>, <jaeheunk>,<alikafag>,<saisaokh>,<mes59>,<adithyan>]

absent: [n/a]

excused_absences: [{n/a} ]
  
task_progress: [
	{ubit: <jaeheunk>, progress: Made the UI of the app, checked for errors, Organized the Video},

 	{ubit: <mes59>, progress:Made the UI of the app, did the audio in Video},
  
	{ubit: <alikafag>, progress: found way to package apk, Made the app basics},
 
	{ubit: <saisokh>, progress: helped solve the issues we were facing in Sprint 1},
	{ubit: <shokoors>, progress: Solved issues we were facing in Sprint1,Took the video},
 
	{ubit: <adithyan>, progress: Coded the Layout, checked for errors, managed the PC/ powerpoint while taking video},
	]

issues: [ 
	{ubit: <jaeheunk>, issues:None},

 	{ubit: <mes59>, issues:None},
  
	{ubit: <alikafag>, issues:None},
 
	{ubit: <saisokh>, issues: None},
	{ubit: <shokoors>, issues:None},
 
	{ubit: <adithyan>, issues: None},
	]

Notes:  |N/A